I’m against Vasily, but in another way it was
impossible for the Poles to have some kind of semi-skirts in
general, let’s imagine I need to
rape a girl, but for her to my
house nickname, the comeback blockage is disgusting,
then probably if it
stinks of [ __ ] all around, look maybe it’s you who
crap a
normal
person
hung  the Russian province
agreed to observe,
look, I ask people from Russia
how you feel about the sky, an
extremely
special operation, yes, it’s scary to
call wars, yes,
let’s go to the class driver on a
special operation, here’s how you feel about me personally,
that is, don’t look at me, so I want to
understand how it is  you are against violence in
a different way, for example, you
took a raped girl at a disco, so
you see, I was against rape
in a different way, but the
guy
doesn’t look like the girls didn’t wear out the
country, it turns out you can
attack,
but why is it wrong that you are doing
illegal actions, say  that there was
no other way out, come on, if according to
your analogy, please
let's imagine I need to rape a girl, well, so that
she is an artist blocking the arcade with a nasty one,
then probably
that is, all the same, you would rape for a
girl and come out, she wouldn’t explode,
I would save a lot of life
I just can’t
understand here is Russian, here you have the letter z,
I understand it in this
Zelensky, only this means here you have
this symbol, yes, how
did it happen that Russia was forced
to attack the wedge, the
defense began to stutter about the
possible
date it was, you can say
this is very important well
ukraine the
police didn’t
have to choose
out you have neighbors estonia latvia
lithuania so they also made a western
choice why you don’t attack them
but you get why i as a
sovereign state ukraine can’t
be friends with whom i want
unfortunately
not everything is so simple with whom I want then the
squad is not so why why
a lot is connected in principle russia
ukraine is  it was practically I don’t argue from
what year we are one people the
mentalist is very similar in general different
different
I just all Russians tell me that we are
one people so I
ask and from what year we are one people
that’s what year from what century and
look it turns out as part of Russia there
conditional some kind of Tatars there, so they
used to leave the composition of Russia
Krymsk and Crimean Astrakhan Kazan
which
look like gases and annexed, in my opinion, in the
sixteenth century in 1500 some year,
so
yes, that is, the territories of Ukraine in the
Muscovite kingdom were annexed to the Russian Empire
later, then which  we are one
people
Bashkirs so Buryats they are now also with a
son but lower with Russians one people
really because of this
yes well and now ukraine poland these are both
slavic peoples
not if i’m not leprosy right now i mean
that these are also slavic peoples over
different peoples so  Ukraine and Russia
are both Slavic peoples, but they are different
where
the hatred for the
Poles comes from.  cattle,
I was at the reception in Poland, so I
didn’t see any
such situation, let’s say, to talk about the
Poles that they are cattle, but you weren’t in
Poland, so the Greeks that they are cattle,
one more good or bad Pole Robert
Lewandowski, but
all all Poles are bad  then to pass
it on to the Russians is something all bad all who are
not narrow not all are
really bad now the street as a
collective number smears Russians with black
paint and why
is there such and such a paid one there was once
such a joke that if it
stinks of [ __ ] around everyone  look, maybe you
crap yourself from russia, now russia has
claims to everyone around so everything is against
russia, or maybe it stinks from russia
after all, so
I by no means understand that
let's just jump over the fields
and let me just finish understanding with
pro  fraternal peoples about one people, so with
what century, for example, I live in the
territory of the city of Khmelnitsky, so this
territory was where Kievan Rus
once was, and so the screen was  survive you
live where Russia has never been so
since what year did this territory of Russia
become one people with your people
you are
good at
you
no
longer look at the protection that these are Russian
pro-Russian for example Buryats he can
be pro-Russian but he is not Russian so
pro-Russian then he suggests that  let's
be with Russia, these are boobs, so
that is, it turns out that the
Ukrainian people and the Russian people are
two different peoples, not even
Russian Russians, there may be
a small part of Russia there,
these are Russians, so there are a lot of
people there and
let's say we are very different, we have a different
history  different and now if you are talking about
mentality, what is the difference in mentality,
look you were born under which
president
under Gorbachev, yes, that is, you had
Yeltsin and Putin, and that
’s all the difference between the mentality of Russians and
Ukraine and Ukrainians, so Ukrainians are a
freedom-loving nation, so we chose you,
but we don’t  we liked it, we will choose another
non-Panas we will choose 3 in Russia there is no such thing,
here in Russia it is traditional
but the tsar understands and you are ready for the fact that [music] is some kind of anecdote for the Russians and internally, like when he was brought back to Belarus, then they showed where we kept everyone dude, but let's say he will not return under any circumstances, well, what will was like he tells you to understand, so you don’t understand at all here our internal context where he will return, for example, they put you in they threw him from a helicopter into those and that I’ll cut out all the specifications for her, but look what it does where the notification has already passed I understand it in Kyiv Sumy and Kharkov the daughter-in-law so shamefully left from there the Russian troops optically retreated to such a shield from his pets well and the cruiser moscow tactically dived to the bottom yes it turns out in bryansk there oil depots then tactical flared up like and tedx further that is, it turns out russia yes yes yes well look we are defending yes and we defend ourselves quite successfully so it’s more difficult more difficult right yes I agree, so it turns out Russia went like this to Kyiv attack z  I choked so much from rowing
there, in full, put a bunch of
my chicken, I don’t think we’re not the best for
you,
but maybe we need to look,
imagine you’re walking down the street, I
run up, pick up these glasses of yours and
start to put some other
ones on you, it’s better for you  they will accept
it will improve
why they
are right and you are so you are such a damn dude
why did you betray her chatted on so I’m
going to myself I asked you to change my glasses like
this here no
let’s say you go about you start
an American but I see that we are trying
drain and go bring home Yuryevich, and I
came up and, as if speaking, performed an act of
defecation
defecation performed
Russian
so every Russian somehow does not like the
Americans that's why you were in what countries of the
world in general in Europe were somewhere
what countries
in France were  since you think
Europe lives better than you
see the euro get lives than russia
and ukraine really
don’t look a little differently, that is, we
objectively understand with you that
europe and the usa and  britain lives much
better than ukraine and russia so for
minutes they shake better and they have evil
medicine there they have the best and everything is better
so people run there to live but not from there to
here it’s true,
well, they didn’t watch it in
ukraine, but I like it in ukraine, but I objectively understand
that  people from ukraine run there a lot
because it’s better there, but on the contrary they don’t
run from russia, so they
go to europe a lot, but something doesn’t
go back, so people from france don’t run to live in
russia, about until then it’s
not a circle, why is a national traitor  and
why to
be realized, yes, look, I
live here in Ukraine, so I, but I don’t blame
those who go there to study or work
Amelie live there in Poland, they sang why
study to work,
maybe she can watch, or maybe they
leave for no one because they are [ __ ]
so they are leaving you because
you have such garbage there
you have to think how to do it here
and you have good conditions so that people do not
leave the
Russian box office
Sean there is something about Ukraine
blathering it now  sausages from here but until
although he is not a rooney Russian not a Russian and in
principle he also works as if I
because we are facing Ukrainian
aggression although it is really
one although it is very humane to do
not lower the bayonets
why should we surrender you are attacking and
we should surrender why
let's open  no matter how well it doesn’t work out, it
doesn’t work out for you, as if it’s just distortions,
no matter how much you want to
wind up what’s the difference, well,
I’ll give the country on my own and not so strong
and independent, and as this war showed
that we can very well and effectively
repulse Russia carp and  and Russia
look Thomas here and like a parrot.  let
me talk to you if he wants to let
him sit down and talk and it
turns out we want to lie down under the
Americans lie down under the Americans for
want to be friends with Europe we will be friends
with cheese this is our sovereign right what is the
problem
but
I already said with
what missiles Ukraine we don’t even have
there were long-range missiles what kind of
braces we would give we
could place anything I
suddenly will be
fine let's do it so if I have such a
choice you are afraid that
some NATO bases have been placed there in Ukraine and
now you live in St. Petersburg or in
Moscow look take a look  the baltic countries to
estonia latvia lithuania the muscovite is closer from them
than from ukraine
i am not already in nato i.e. why then why did
we need to deploy missiles
against moscow in america if
nato is already there well yes i agree there is russia here
somewhere it will be possible  nokia memory I
just look at recent history and so
russia constantly attacks someone so they
hid it wrong in georgia so further so
nato without attacking t  oh, they tell us that
NATO wants to attack everyone, it attacks
everyone,
yes, but we want to understand each other’s opinion, we do
n’t fully understand, I don’t
understand the motivation
to ask the question
why Russia is attacking everyone,
good at trying  they attacked the doorstep, it
only loads you, they can, yes, but there was also
oppression there, and before that, Adzharia was
Abkhazia,
that is, before the neighbors even with
Abkhazia, it was even given
to you.
russia
grew up and we impose to say but it doesn’t
work
drive
for me there is a drive out you didn’t
succeed
judging by the kr and show this parrot already,
here it is somewhere on the side saying
to put a [ __ ] with a voice it doesn’t interfere with this, we
talked two sawn-off shotguns
2 education enjoy if  you
say that we don’t know that Putin is there, but
you support since you support
it means you morally take
responsibility for this everything
corresponds
why if there is, look if you
support it means you times  share this
responsibility, well, let's say
there is a person at work, he says that our troops
in Ukraine are too those faces, my mother says
just a tactical nuclear strike,
I'm here, let's say he doesn't support
in Ukraine, there are probably a lot of those who
should not suffer,
well, in short, I discovered the direct answer, therefore,
Russia  fights quite a boom, we would like to
demolish the quarter of God and, well, as if manna,
look how many children were killed in
mariupol, kharkov, mariupol, they
demolished, bombed
,
it will install it all, it becomes necessary to say that it will
humanely reveal mariupol once and started it’s
even worse, it’s like,
look, kef exists because
your troops don’t  they let me approach him, so they
paid.  music]
have you seen aerial photography of Mariupol
from a drone?  it’s not very
Mariupol there are no
living houses there’s no normal,
that is, it turns out based
on your picture, the mines of the
inhabitants were evacuated and bombed all the
houses
humanitarian corridors gave the
population I have friends
who left Mariupol so
personally I don’t know they couldn’t three
there were no corridors to choose at all for weeks
they were driving they were driving illegally and
look at the position here I am talking with those people
whom for them they did not
contact the military at all not with ours not
with yours so that is, no one gave a
way out and when they went they tried their own color
already pass so one column
your player ran into the tag